-------------------
NOTABLES IN SETTGEN
-------------------

Introduction:
Notables are the "interesting" people of a settlement: the adventurers, local
heroes, and powerful merchants. settgen monitors their actions over time,
reporting when a notable achieves success (adventuring or trading) and when a
notable grows ill or dies. Notables are mortal and their bonuses do not last
forever, but a good settlement will attract more notables.
Notables have a few special traits: they have a race, a class, a level in that
class, a chosen headquarters (a building in a particular district) and they
may also own some items (which have a chance of being given to the
headquarters when the notable dies). This can affect what activities they get
up to in town, and how effective a notable is at their activity.

New Settlements:
New settlements start with one random notable automatically promoted to the
GOVERNING activity (meaning that this notable will not ADVENTURE, TRADE or
discover TREASURE). Without at least one notable GOVERNING, a period of
ANARCHY occurs until a new notable is promoted.
New settlements will hence want to acquire a small roster of young notables
quickly, in order to mitigate harmful events and grow smoothly. Prioritizing
buildings that start notable-generating events (e.g. a SHRINE to get
REVELATION, or a MARKET to get MERCHANTS and OUTLAWS) is critical.

Notable Activities:
There are several activities common to all notables, and some special
activites based on a notable's characteristics.

HEALTHY:
Healthy notables (the default state) assist the community in growing and
expanding. They provide a small bonus to growth and build speed each timestep,
based on their level. Healthy notables can be promoted to GOVERNING, or choose
to go ADVENTURING or TRADING (a special MERCHANT-only form of ADVENTURING).
- contribute to growth and build speed
- chance of SICK (grows with age) or ADVENTURING or DEAD

TRADING:
Trading notables provide contributions to growth and build speed, much the same
way as HEALTHY notables, but they also contribute gold each timestep. Only
MERCHANT notables can go trading, but doing so is much less dangerous than
ADVENTURING. Trading notables, like ADVENTURING ones, are not counted as "in
town" and hence are not affected by settlement events with KILL effects. They
will return to a HEALTHY state after a length of time based on their level
(higher-level notables can go trading for longer), and are still slightly
suscepitible to becoming SICK or DEAD.
- merchant only
- contribute to growth and build speed
- contribute gold
- chance of SICK (grows with age) or DEAD
(to consider: chance of mercantile expedition?)

GOVERNING:
Governing notables contribute more to growth and build speed than HEALTHY or
TRADING notables, but are incapable of going ADVENTURING or TRADING. When
disaster strikes, they are just as likely to die as the rest of the townsfolk.
Uniquely, notables must be deliberately promoted to governing: they will not
automatically do so, even if there are currently no governing notables in the
settlement. Without at least one governing notable, settlement growth and
building progress is slowed as though a RIOT event effect were ongoing.
Governing notables are susceptible to becoming SICK or DEAD, with a slightly
higher chance of the latter (governing is a stressful and dangerous job!)
- deliberate promotion
- contribute to growth and build speed (bonus over HEALTHY)
- chance of SICK (grows with age) or DEAD
(to consider: political removal or assassination?)

ADVENTURING:
Adventuring notables are not contributing to the settlement for the length of
their adventure. However, upon the completion of the adventure, they have a
chance of discovering TREASURE and awarding their home settlement with a
large quantity of GOLD. They may also acquire rare items (in the same fashion
as ITEM event effects) which are kept on their person or in their
headquarters. Lastly, if a notable successfully completes an adventure, they
will gain a level of experience. Adventuring is nonetheless far more
dangerous than the usual HEALTHY state, however, and adventuring notables
have a greater chance of becoming SICK or DEAD.
- away for some length of time (stop contributing)
- chance of TREASURE, SICK or DEAD

SICK:
- stop contributing
- chance of HEALTHY or DEAD

DEAD:
- remembered in history, any items acquired may be lost

TREASURE:
- contribute flat gold and/or an item
- revert to HEALTHY

